Addition to filtering section to apply also for other than NAT (#321)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

## Filtering Behavior {#sec-filtering}

> {{?RFC4787}} describes possible packet filtering behaviors that relate to NATs
> but is often also used on other scenairos where packet filtering is desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{?RFC4787}} describes possible packet filtering behaviors that relate to NATs
but is often also used is other scenarios where packet filtering is desired.
```
